Github Workflows: Adapt pnpm setup and update nodejs version (#102)
CoreMedia/ckeditor-plugins: VERSIONING.md

    * A breaking change in Customization API is understood as a
        **minor breaking change**.

> * **Build and toooling:**
>   * NodeJS Updates are considered a major breaking change. We will try to stick to
>     LTS versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* **Build and Tooling:**

  * Node.js updates are considered a major breaking change. We will try to stick
    to LTS versions.

```

Adjusted to:

* [Title case](https://capitalizemytitle.com/).
* Fix typo.
* Adjust spacing (better readable in text-mode).
* Limit chars per line to 80 (recommended for reading at console)
* Adjusted name: NodeJS → Node.js (this seems to be the official name)
